>> Steve Kinney: Turns out we
just have more decorators.
You'll notice if you're eagle eyed,
if you look in the upper left corner,
you have this observer
decorator which effectively
wraps the entire component
in a higher order component.
The pattern's back again.
And that wires it up so
that if any observable
properties change,
we re-render the component.
So this is what it looks
like with classes.
If you're using stateless functional
components, it's just a function.
It's just the higher order component
pattern rearing its head once again,
which is really just the higher
order function pattern.
Where it takes this thing and
basically wraps it in extra functionality.
And like you could theoretically,
you have almost to a certain extent,
written a very simple version of this.
If we were gonna use the container pattern
for earlier in this course, effectively,
when the component mounts.
You're going to use autorun,
these properties.
And this is obviously a lot more
complicated under the hood.
But effectively it's just
registering an autorun
to re-render on any time any
of those observables change.
And it's wrapping it in
a container component.
That is, like, you have,
like it may look like magic, yeah,
just put observable in front of it.
But you are almost
graduates of this workshop.
You know how this stuff works.
You have written this stuff yourself.
And so, it's that same pattern again.
And for me, some of the most important
parts of this workshop are that pattern,
those patterns.
And the fact that you can apply it.
If there is something where don't have
this, you now know the mechanics.
Connect is effectively the higher
order component pattern.
This is again,
the higher order component pattern.
And these patterns
are the really useful part,
even if we're all using some
different library in six months.
All right, very cool.
So then there's the other part of
I want to maybe have a mobx store.
If I pass one in, I know about it but
what about being able,
I don't wanna pass stuff down again.
We're better than this,
I don't wanna get to the point where I'm
back in the beginning of this workshop.
I'm putting everything in
the application component and
I'm passing it all around again.
That's not what I wanna do,
I wanna have all the goodness
that I just got from redux.
So I made container components and
used connect.
>> Steve Kinney: So,
guess what pattern's back again, provider,
mobx-react has a provider component.
One thing I wanna point out to you is,
if you've used Redux,
you say like store equals store,
and that's it.
Because Redux, how many stores are there?
>> Speaker 2: One.
>> Steve Kinney: One, now you can have
as many stores as you want again.
Right, you can have an item store and
a tweet store.
And a to-do store.
You can have a to-do list,
twitter stream packing list app.
And you can pass all of those in, and
they will be available as different
stores that you an inject in there.
In Redux,
we don't think about all that stuff.
Because there is just one store, and so
we just inject that one store, cool.
And then, so okay, I've injected it.
It's part of the context.
Remember the context from previously?
When the provider says the context,
all the child components have access to
the context that you're
not supposed to touch?
That the library is supposed to handle?
So, how do we do that in mobx?
If you're using a ECMA super class,
you can.
And remember this is
the new item component,
this is one that just theoretically
triggers new items or creates them.
It doesn't actually listen for anything.
You can use inject and
this'll inject the item store,
this will now be this.props.itemstore.
So you can inject the store
to any component, so
now you're not starting at the application
and passing all the way down.
You're getting that stuff we worked so
hard for when we implemented flux.
Being able to separate our data
off in the component hierarchy.
And being able to kind of like
inject it in from the side.
You're able to do that, so
this will inject the item store.
And you can inject as
many stores as you need.
So think about it as we used maps
state to prompts with Redux.
This is very similar to like hey,
here's the stores that you need, cool.
This is a stateless component,
I'm just kind of
demonstrating that inject
actually then takes a function.
It's like two higher order component
patterns, so we'll inject and
then we'll observe.
So inject, return the function,
observer takes in a component.
So we first rapid the observer, and
then we inject the store into it.
And now we have both the ability to
automatically update whenever any of
that data in the store changes,
as well as the ability to have
access to the store itself.
All right,
we're gonna take like a five minute break.
And then we're gonna jump into an exercise
that we're gonna go back and forth.
So I'll implement the basic functionality
for adding and removing items.
Then you'll implement toggling,
then I'll implement filtering.
And then you'll implement
marking all as unpacked.
So we're gonna kinda have
a little bit of I do some stuff,
then I'm gonna hand it over to you.
Then, I'll do some more stuff.
I'll hand it back over to you.
We'll kinda go back and forth to
reimplementing the application with mobx
instead of one of these other patterns.
I just need a few minutes to get ready.